Shawn Phalen: New
Randy McWilliams: Lol. I'm not much new. Sorry, I'm just parking here. Here we go. I'm not much new well I shouldn't say that.
Randy McWilliams: Things are kind of
Randy McWilliams: Pretty status quo with job and
Randy McWilliams: Meetings girlfriend.
Randy McWilliams: Therapy here through bright heart.
Randy McWilliams: All going really well.
Randy McWilliams: I
Randy McWilliams: I did get some really good news about field placement and it looks like. I'll be able to do something.
Randy McWilliams: That my agency that I work for is doing in conjunction with UC Berkeley at their sleep study Institute. So my clinical supervisor said that it's pretty much a sure deal so that's good.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, I guess, you know, everything's going
Randy McWilliams: Really well. And considering where I was this time a year ago, which I've been thinking a lot about lately.
Randy McWilliams: It's almost like I don't deserve it, but I know I shouldn't say that, that's ridiculous to say, and it's like, totally selfish to think that
Randy McWilliams: But I
Think
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, yeah, it's, it's all thinking it is, it is. I think it's just that I have
Randy McWilliams: So many reminders, you know, these smartphones.
Randy McWilliams: You know, have a tendency to pop up reminders. A, this has happened in a year ago me a mess. And you know, it's all triggering
Randy McWilliams: Everything going really well, you know, and I just need to remember. I
Randy McWilliams: You know, throughout my adult life have been able to
Randy McWilliams: You know, build things up and they talked about this, and a lot, you know, having the ability to build your life really well and then tear it down right and that's been kind of my history.
Randy McWilliams: Classic history of getting to a really good spot in my life. And then just ruining it right. Well, I have to be aware of that, you know,
Randy McWilliams: Just have to keep doing what I'm doing, going to meetings, I'm being reminded of
Randy McWilliams: You know,
Randy McWilliams: You know where I work and everything that you know I've been in the position and I was in the position last year to be almost a client there at the shelter so
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. And so I think once you start when you start thinking you don't deserve it. It's
Shawn Phalen: That means that you struck you have to
Shawn Phalen: The gratitude list and then all
Shawn Phalen: You know, writing down your accomplishments, because
Shawn Phalen: You know in our day to day stuff with work and everything else school. You know what you're dealing with. It's easy to forget. Yeah.
Randy McWilliams: You come and it's amazing when you can sit down and actually put it on paper, what you've done.
Shawn Phalen: In a year and look at how how quickly your life came back together.
Exactly. So, um,
Randy McWilliams: You know, it's always a really ugly. It's almost like doing it like every three months just looking back, yeah. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Where was I a year ago.
Randy McWilliams: Right. Why
Shawn Phalen: Even where was my three months ago at this point.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, I think it's I think it's a great point. And it's something that I don't do enough of, you know, I go to right. I never do. I never do, and I you know I go to meetings and I stay in, you know, kind of that that mode and I stay really busy and I'm doing a lot of stuff, but I don't
Randy McWilliams: You know when I do self reflect. It's always like, oh my god, I was a mess. Last year, you know it's it's not wait a minute, I'm this is really great. And I'm doing this thing and that thing. And the other thing. It's funny you say that because I
Randy McWilliams: One of the things I had to do for you know this field placement has put together my resume, which I haven't done in over a year.
Randy McWilliams: And
Randy McWilliams: The letters of recommendation, the people that I asked said, well, why don't you just put something together, and I'll look it over and adjusted if I need to, and sign off on it because they're busy.
Randy McWilliams: And so it was a situation where I found myself writing out you know this letter as though I was writing it on behalf of me of my accomplishments
Randy McWilliams: And it felt. I'm really, really bad about doing that stuff. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, it's hard to be complimentary towards our
Randy McWilliams: Right, we're so used to being hard on or so and exactly, you know, not not looking at all the
Randy McWilliams: amazing qualities and all the amazing things that we're doing. And I think it's just reprogram that right. Yeah.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, and I think also
Being in recovery to
It's it's working. True.
I've killed
And that shame that
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, I think, you know, as you get
As you continue to get more sobriety under your belt. Those days of self doubt and
Randy McWilliams: beating yourself up. Yeah.
It goes away.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah. Um, but it does take a little bit of time.
Randy McWilliams: I think so. I think it's gonna take a little. I think it'll take time. Maybe if it does it so
Randy McWilliams: You know, so, you know, there's nothing wrong.
Randy McWilliams: Right, because you're you're continuing to do the work, you know, right, you're continuing to go to those meetings and
Shawn Phalen: And you know, when you're in the meeting, you get to hear the newcomers coming in.
Randy McWilliams: here about how
Shawn Phalen: Awful. Now, their lives are at that point.
Randy McWilliams: Oh, yeah. And you get to see them coming in going out coming in and going out right
Randy McWilliams: And so, you know, it's also a way to be able to sit there and go, Okay, I was there, and I'm not
Randy McWilliams: Exactly.
Randy McWilliams: He right and my sponsor and they talk about this in meetings as
Randy McWilliams: You know, always talking about you know you need to be you're at the point now where you have time and you're back on track.
Randy McWilliams: That you need to be giving back right and then thinking about that. What you just said constantly thinking about
Randy McWilliams: The new people coming in and lending them a helping hand. And you know, I do a lot of that at work, but
Randy McWilliams: I go to a lot of meetings I work with a sponsor, but I haven't worked with a lot of newcomers. And that's something that was suggested that I do in my spare time just reach out to people by phone or stay at, you know, at the meeting just reach out to people and
Randy McWilliams: And remember, you know, don't start thinking about, oh, I was a mess. Last year, man. I mean, take, you know, forget about that keep moving forward and take some time out for somebody else.
Shawn Phalen: You know, and, and, and that is huge and and you know we both know that picture each part of the program.
Randy McWilliams: To huge right every and, you know, even just going up to somebody having a bad day and right it will get better. You know, if you continue to come into the right it will get better.
Shawn Phalen: And you're living
Randy McWilliams: Yeah.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, you know, I, you know, as long as I continue to do it on building in them.
Randy McWilliams: And remember that like when I start thinking about, you know, reflecting back on bad times or something, you're, you're absolutely right that so it's old thinking it's my old brain trying to trap me into that mode of thinking and if I start thinking negatively
Randy McWilliams: And start my day out with any sort of negative regret this, and that it turns into a case of efforts before I know it. So it's very dangerous thinking right
Randy McWilliams: So yeah, I just, I just have to continue doing what I'm doing and be active and with newcomers and
Randy McWilliams: And things, you know, you have time to sponsor someday.
Randy McWilliams: I, I definitely could and it's been that's been suggested that I reach out and start doing that with somebody who's brand new.
I wouldn't do that. I
Randy McWilliams: Really would because it's
Shawn Phalen: Giving back you know
Randy McWilliams: Right, and it's even immersing yourself in the program even more. Exactly. Yeah. Because now you get to help somebody work through the steps and you get to guide somebody through right is that they feel like they can't get through, you know, and so
Randy McWilliams: It's like even putting your name on a on the call it today. Exactly right.
Shawn Phalen: Because I would imagine you're you speak at the meetings. Right.
Randy McWilliams: I do. Yeah, I share. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
And sometimes at the meeting today.
Randy McWilliams: people raise their hand are available to sponsor. Mm hmm. Yeah, they do. And that's what it was specifically that I do, to begin that process is raise my hand when they bring that up at the beginning.
Randy McWilliams: And show people that I'm available to be a temporary sponsor our sponsor.
Randy McWilliams: Just sort of to immerse myself in that giving back mode, right, because that gets you out of here. Exactly. I don't, you don't have time to think about crap. When you're constantly busy helping people. It's, it's absolutely true.
Randy McWilliams: Right. And for this feels more than do you how do you convince you that to keep your job and then you do. Yeah, yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a lean year
Randy McWilliams: Coming up, because I'll be doing. I think I have to do roughly 24 hours a week.
Randy McWilliams: For the field placement shadowing going practical stuff.
Randy McWilliams: Supervision, and then I'm going to continue to work 40 hours a week, you know, so
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, it's gonna be it'll be a hectic time but I'm, I'm excited to get started with it, for obvious reasons, it's much closer to
Randy McWilliams: achieving my goal and
Randy McWilliams: You know, getting to be where I want to be there and hopefully move up board and within the agency into therapy role in some license, but um
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, it's gonna be busy. It's gonna be a busy year yeah when you start that
Randy McWilliams: I'll be starting that they suggest in summer. So probably august 1 I'll get more details coming out. But yeah, probably around end of July, August 1 we'll start shadowing.
Randy McWilliams: Clinicians should be interesting.
Berkeley.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, the placements at Berkeley, it's, it's crazy. I guess what one thing I didn't tell you as
Randy McWilliams: The clinical supervisor of my specific agency at the homeless shelter.
Randy McWilliams: Is a guy who graduated from my program at St. Mary's and he's been doing this partnership with the school to do practical placements for years, but the school.
Randy McWilliams: This year is imposing taped super visions for all their students. So I might have mentioned that. So he
Randy McWilliams: They sent him that note, and he said, I'm not doing that. So just based on his own principles. He said, I'm not doing it. You're not going to dictate how I run my clinic so he broke the partnership flat out and
Randy McWilliams: So I was panicking and looking all over and and just last week he called me and said, Hey, great news that the agency is going to partner with UC Berkeley.
Randy McWilliams: To offer people to help run this sleep study and mood disorder program that they have going through UC Berkeley. And I thought, and he said, so it's a sure thing it's back on.
Randy McWilliams: Specifically with this program and
Randy McWilliams: I mean, that's so crazy. And, you know, like other opportunities that could arrive at Berkeley. Oh my god.
Randy McWilliams: Working through UC Berkeley is like
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, you
Randy McWilliams: Know you
Randy McWilliams: jackpot. It's like the on my wild this
Randy McWilliams: You know, on my wildest dreams. You know, when I went back to school like three over three years ago, I thought had just, you know, want to get into get into this profession, be able to make some more money. It's certainly not about the money in this profession, but
Randy McWilliams: I just wanted to change things up by suck. Whatever comes my way has to be better than what I've been doing and blah, blah, blah. And it's just grown into this magnificent thing and
Randy McWilliams: Yeah i at the end. It's with this. I can't remember the woman's name that runs this Golden Bear sleep and mood disorder clinic, but according to my guy. She's like, world renowned for me through it just, it's not all of the see how this stuff just starts piling on serendipitously
Shawn Phalen: And we were talking last time and you were kind of panic.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, and work out. It's crazy. It's just, it's so over the top.
Randy McWilliams: For good fortune that I don't even know how to process it fully. I'm just when I was
Randy McWilliams: In Santa Barbara. When I was getting mine master. Yeah.
Randy McWilliams: My fieldwork, the people that work at UCSB and the counseling center there. Yeah.
Randy McWilliams: And are now working still working there 10 plus years later. Right, exactly. That's what I think. That's what I'm saying. I couldn't a month could not imagine
Randy McWilliams: The doors. This could open it. Absolutely. And and Jonathan these schools are committed. Oh gosh. People don't mean, you know, like why
Randy McWilliams: You have a really good opportunity that's that's very exciting. It is. It's very exciting. And I'm very humbling to be able to do it and even more humbling is
Randy McWilliams: You know, the great feedback. I'm getting from, you know, my supervisors and this guy, this clinical supervisor who connected the two for this agency program and
Randy McWilliams: He's just
Randy McWilliams: You know, he just gives me such great feedback. It's another one of those things where it's like
Randy McWilliams: I love hearing that. I'm glad to hear that I'm doing good work. But it's hard for me to process good feedback and compliments. Yeah, you know,
Randy McWilliams: And it's just goes back to what we were talking about in the beginning was being able to take a frickin compliment for God's sakes, you know, I mean, without without internalizing it and turning on that old inner
Randy McWilliams: Attic dialogue about you. Are you don't deserve it. You know, it's gonna, it's like my old drunk grandpa or some man. You're useless. He don't deserve it. You know, that's my inner dialogue and keeping that at bay.
Randy McWilliams: Right, yeah. There's no other way. You know, so I'm so glad to hear that things are going around you. Yeah, really good solid direction that you have been yeah while and you look healthy and
Randy McWilliams: Grounded and yeah
Randy McWilliams: I am too. I'm really glad I found bright heart.
Randy McWilliams: It's been you guys have been fantastic. And it's really helping me stay grounded.
Randy McWilliams: So it is really, it's a great program.
Shawn Phalen: Now, what do you think like a month.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, that's good, I guess, April.
Randy McWilliams: You know, first week, April, whatever's good April 5 you want to do. Yes.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, that's perfect.
Randy McWilliams: You want to do
You do six o'clock.
Randy McWilliams: I can. That should work. Yeah, yeah. That should work perfectly. Actually, yeah. I have a Monday class, but it doesn't start till seven so I can do the call, just before class that'll work out fine. Okay, cool. Yeah, for April six Monday at six sounds perfect. All right, Johnny.
Shawn Phalen: All right, take care.
Randy McWilliams: Take care, you too.